Update kinit usage in lsst-login page. (#439)
lsst-dm/dm_dev_guide: services/lsst-login.rst

.. prompt:: bash $ auto

  kinit -l 25h -r 7d username@NCSA.EDU
  
  # you may get an error like this: 'kinit: Cannot find KDC for realm "NCSA.EDU" while getting initial credentials';
  # if that's the case, the Kerberos config on the local machine may need to be updated with 'dns_lookup_kdc = true'

  # On a Mac, your Kerberos password may be saved in your keychain.
  # Use /usr/bin/kinit (instead of any conda kinit you may have in your path) and specify "--keychain" to save.
  
.. tip::

   **Kerberos Tickets Expire**

>    - Your Kerberos ticket on your local machine will expire (by default 10 hours but up to 25 hours after initially granted with the ``-l`` option shown above) and need to be renewed, which you can do with ``kinit -R``.

Reviewer: The default depends on your local kerberos config file. So, there isn't really a default.
```suggestion
   - Your Kerberos ticket on your local machine will expire (e.g. 25 hours after initially granted with the ``-l`` option shown above) and need to be renewed, which you can do with ``kinit -R``.
```

Reviewer: I guess the default _is_ actually 10 hours, but this can be configured for up to 25 hours in the `kerb5.conf` file. So, the original is fine.
